So in previous videos or in previous project steps, what we did is we created one class email class.
We created a scanner class, which is public, always remember this Canada's global travel trade.
You're also.
Global, this is global you can use this cannot all in this project.
Then these are private.
These are strings on sort of global.
You can use disincentives in middle class and we are going to using inside these classes.
So all these are about creating class.
We already created this class.
Now we created one constructor with you, first name and last name.
Now what is the significance of constructor is if I am building here only these parameters I am building
here.
It is not like abstract art or something you can.
You are using that glass and you are not securing.
Anyone can change that part like your private life name or first name or last name.
They can change it.
So the significance of this is creating the structure is to receive a first name and last name and protect
that from the original one, which is private string was name and last name.
So let's move further now in this concept.
What I'm going to do, I'm going to assigning this name to this if you do this.
What we are going to use this given this not if name.
Is equal to ethnic.
Similarly for this, also like this last name, Ali.
Elaine is equal to any.
So what happened is.
You can see this and these are equal.
So it is not just forwarding the value, it's copying that value from here to here when we are going
to run this program.
Now I'm going to bring out system, not out, not Winterland.
In saying this, I'm going to bring new.
Employee.
Let's.
This board, if named.
Let's I'm going to do some small gap here in between and then this is not.
In.
So we are the IT constructor now inside this or we are going to develop more in this one, so I am leaving
some space here.
Now we are going to create some methods.
So from the PPD of our point and that template we are learning on, we want to create some email, generate
email, delete password.
For that, we need to create some methods.
So let's start with creating some methods you.
So let's begin with.
Some department asking the department and then password all.
OK, let's start with generating the email.
Generic.
Me.
OK.
Male, Mr.
Now, remember, this should be private.
So I'm creating private.
It's not really that you have to always created private.
You can create public, but to aduda abstraction.
I'm going to use private and going to return stream or stream generate.
Email.
This is the syntax of creating methods.
Now what it will return, it will be done in this format, is this not its name?
So if you are putting first name in capital and email is always in smoldered to convert this to all
small letters, there is a system default method.
Or we can say, use our library to lowercase.
You can see two lowercase.
You can put two lowercase here.
So what it will do if you are putting all the capitals, even if you are putting all the capitals,
it will create two.
That's one case.
Similarly, this dot, we know.
OK, before that, we need to put Dot here plus again, this dot.
And lame duck.
Bullock is.
Now we want to work here, and it's important.
Actress.
Then this dart.
Department DVT, not again to lower case.
This index, as I told you about all this next year.
Let's not symbolism, not company.
Dot com simple remaining.
So what will we do?
It will take first name, last name from use it, and it will put their department.
It's just doing letting them know we will move forward.
So what we did is we created the first method for we.
We are going to move in the second method of asking for department, asking all department.
Again, private string.
Said Department.
Since they began putting in.
Now.
I need to put some user interaction.
I'm not going to send you for the administrator, it will ask which department do we want to put?
So I will put here first system, not 0.3 billion.
The part.
Department goods.
Then what it will be.
It will print department codes, basically make this one.
For since new remember, Leshin will be put in the next lane next for new liner for New Zealand, I'm
putting flesh and.
Development.
Third department I'm going to put is for accounting.
Accounting Department.
And last building zero for.
None.
Nothing, I'm not going to mention here some anything that I'm putting in and.
So.
No.
What I want to create some loop or what we consider losing party on that one beauty so you can give
it to me and gives us leads to each case and something, but I'm going to use your switch case.
You can use defense.
We're using which case is more efficient here.
So I will create one flag here.
Let me tell you why I'm going to use your flag.
Because I want to execute it again and again, like.
If.
I'm not going to execute it again and again, it will deliver only first time, all we can say, if
you are anything for simply it, we ask.
I want to put formally evil in place, so I want to create something new.
I'm going to use you to do the loop or I am going to use do.
The Loop is very important here.
I want to execute at least one thing and do the loop will execute at least one thing for another.
Looks like for new value, for each loop or enhanced for loop in Java.
There is not like condition.
There is not in any condition.
It will move for one two.
But do they loop will run at least one time.
So I will put do you do if you know this index do?
Then I will put their system.
I'm going to ask Lake.
System.out.println.
This.
Interdepartmental.
So this is very simple, but department could.
After that, I will create one or.
Variable choice choice.
I'm what I'm going to do this next.
So you will understand what is this is this is this scanner part scanner?
Probably scanner part.
So I'm going to take you there in my switch.
Switching.
As.
Also restricts choice.
I will, but then this one.
If you don't get one.
Return since.
It's if it's bullying.
OK, the idea of conditioning or to break it, but there is not any significance for this.
You have to big statement here, but I'm going to do this reading this or it will return on June one.
It will not.
Again and again, start looking inside the speeches, so just returning any Brick Lane, here is three.
Return.
A return.
Upcoming.
And if kids didn't return and.
No.
Yes.
It is not going to.
And OK, guess?
Order pizza, guess case zero.
Return.
No, that's it.
So we are done with this by the WHO.
We are missing something.
Like, we did want to exit that loop, and we all want to create some default condition.
So we are done with our logic, but we are not done with our perfect goal.
Let me complete that one by default.
I will print your esteemed dog a dog print, Alan.
In Wellington.
Joyce.
These.
The.
Again.
Now, when we are done with this note, switch gears now I will end up with or do well.
So this is the do part of it.
I will really I'll.
Flag.
So what did you do as flag is always false?
Not means always true.
It will retain the legacy.
Well, what it will do, it will execute at least one thing.
Written.
Not.
Some.
Now we are done with this part.
As you can see what we did here.
Let me summarize this.
So what we did is we created one constructor public image, string, first name, last name with parameters.
We.
In marketing with this name, daughter's name.
So what we are doing, we are going to assign this afternoon to this evening.
This last name, but this last name and I'm going to print this year.
So now constructor part is not done.
We are going to create and invoke some other methods on there, but its initial conditions for the constructor.
No, I started with our matrix.
I created the first private string generator mm.
So what it will be doing, it will do generating the mail, according to our syntax.
So this is not to lowercase into this dot or these other lines.
So what is the significance this note, if it will do this, if naming a dot, you know what is it will
convert all the strings and do lowercase.
So no need to worry about uppercase and lowercase, then dot.
Then again, this for last name and this for department, this for the company.
So it will be in the mail according to that, that I want to say department.
But setting the department is all about the process from user or we can say administrator.
So I will wait here one, two, three and zero for the options since development or accounting, respectively.
Then I will create one Boolean flag to execute that loop.
I'm going to use that to do the loop because it will at least run one time.
Again, the Department for Choice, I'm giving, I'm using speech and speech gives me 30 years, which
creates conditions you can use if all conditions also, but it will take too much time to execute back
to reduce time complexity.
Are you switched choice?
This one is false, gets two for development.
And according to that default condition, exiting that will do well with the plan and returning.
So I relate to matters, then read to me and said department.
So now we are dealing with this, so I will explain the what is the significance of this in part also.
So this will, as I know you understood that.
So let's try it.
What is this part?
So let me show you what is this significances?
So this is the this is the reference variable that returns the current object.
It can still tend to be a bit of the object.
It simply leaves global and class variable and the scene.
You want to look at it will assign.
And we just did it.
The global variable is different and class would also seem for that purpose.
We just use this word.
If this is not used here, it will return null value.
If the local variable and ensigns and variable are different, there is no need to use it.
What difference are like?
Global is different.
Velocity will be different.
What do you want a standard to?
Is equal to, is equal to.
You can do it, but name should be different.
So avoiding using different names, I used your this keyboard and this is very efficient.
Also, this can be used to invoke God in classrooms.
What I did in this part to invoke the current class constructed.
So we will move out of there with another matter.
So you're.
So let's see what are other methods we are going to see.